Where did you steal it from?
Give it back to me
This jade pendant is not yours
Lu Xiaogang, give it back to him
This is for me to ask if the jade pendant can't be taken indiscriminately.
Do you still know what the story of this jade pendant is?
The richest person with zombies 10 years ago was not the Lin family
It's the Tang family
Lin Zhisheng of the Lin family holds this Longmen jade pendant
Find the door pawnshop monster
But two days
Was bought by a mystery buyer for 30 billion
This jade pendant is so valuable
What's the matter with the son?
Do you deserve it?
It's in the hands of that dog in Lucifer
Have you been deceived?
Shen Yiyi is also there
He can appraise treasure
You can tell the truth at a glance
No wonder Qingtianbao obeys his words
It turned out that he didn't know where he picked up a jade pendant
Now you're pretending to be from Dragon City, you must be like this
I said a courier kid
Dare to take chicken feathers as a golden father
I heard that the final heavenly tribulation has been imposed in Dragon City
If you can't hand in the token in the last three days
Our down payment status is void
Can't spend time with him again
Somebody get me that brat
Even if you spend all your money